## Description

Microsoft Entra ID has native and extended identity functionality allowing you to invite people from outside your organization to be guest users in your cloud account and sign in with their own work, school, or social identities.

While an automated assessment procedure exists for this recommendation, the assessment status remains manual. Evaluating the appropriateness of guest users requires a manual review, as it depends on the specific needs and context of each organization and environment.

## Remediation

**Remediate from Azure Portal**

1. From Azure Home select the Portal Menu.
2. Select `Microsoft Entra ID`.
3. Under `Manage`, select `Users`.
4. Click on `Add filter.`
5. Select `User type.`
6. Select `Guest` from the Value dropdown.
7. Click `Apply`.
8. Check the box next to all `Guest` users that are no longer required or are inactive.
9. Click `Delete`.
10. Click `OK`.

**Remediate from Azure CLI**

Before deleting the user, set it to inactive using the ID from the Audit Procedure to determine if there are any dependent systems.

```bash
az ad user update --id <exampleaccountid@domain.com> --account-enabled {false}
```

After determining that there are no dependent systems, delete the user.

```bash
Remove-AzureADUser -ObjectId <exampleaccountid@domain.com>
```

**Remediate from Azure PowerShell**

Before deleting the user, set it to inactive using the ID from the Audit Procedure to determine if there are any dependent systems.

```bash
Set-AzureADUser -ObjectId "<exampleaccountid@domain.com>" -AccountEnabled false
```

After determining that there are no dependent systems, delete the user.

```bash
PS C:\>Remove-AzureADUser -ObjectId <exampleaccountid@domain.com>
```

## Default Value

By default no guest users are created..
