## Description

Azure Network Security Perimeter creates a logical boundary around Azure platform-asa-service (PaaS) resources outside of virtual networks. By default, the network security perimeter denies public access to associated PaaS resources, with the ability to define explicit rules for inbound and outbound traffic.

While an automated assessment procedure exists for this recommendation, the assessment status remains manual. Determining appropriate network security perimeter profiles and resource assignments depends on the context and requirements of each organization and environment.

Network security perimeter denies public access to PaaS resources, reducing exposure and mitigating data exfiltration risks.

## Remediation

**Remediate from Azure Portal**

Create and associate PaaS resources with a new network security perimeter:

1. Go to `Network Security Perimeters.`
2. Click `+ Create.`
3. Select a `Subscription` and `Resource group`, provide a Name, select a `Region`, and provide a `Profile name.`
4. Click `Next`.
5. Click `+ Add.`
6. Check the box next to a PaaS resource to associate it with the network security perimeter.
7. Click `Select`.
8. Click N`ext.
9. Configure appropriate `Inbound access rules` for your organization.
10. Click `Next`.
11. Configure appropriate `Outbound access rules` for your organization.
12. Click `Review + create.`
13. Click `Create`.

Associate PaaS resources with an existing network security perimeter:

1. Go to `Network Security Perimeters.`
2. Click the name of a network security perimeter.
3. Under `Settings`, click `Associated resources`.
4. Click `+ Add.`
5. Select Associate resources with a new profile or Associate resources with an existing profile.
6. To associate resources with a new profile:
      1. Provide a Name.
      2. Click `Next`.
      3. Click `+ Add.`
      4. Check the box next to a PaaS resource to associate it with the network security perimeter.
      5. Click `Select`.
      6. Click `Next`.
      7. Configure appropriate `Inbound access rules` for your organization.
      8. Click `Next`.
      9. Configure appropriate `Outbound access rules `for your organization.
      10. Click `Review + create.`
      11. Click `Create`.
7. To associate resources with an existing profile:
      1. Next to `Profile`, click `Select` to display the drop-down menu.
      2. Select a `profile`.
      3. Click `+ Add.`
      4. Check the box next to a PaaS resource to associate it with the network security perimeter.
      5. Click `Select`.
      6. Click `Associate`.

**Remediate from Azure CLI**

Use `az network perimeter profile list` or `az network perimeter profile create` to list existing or create a new network security perimeter profile.

For each PaaS resource requiring association with a network security perimeter, run the following command:

```bash
az network perimeter association create --resource-group <resource-group> --perimeter-name <network-security-perimeter> --association-name <association> --private-link-resource "{id:<paas-resource-id>}" --profile "{<profile-id>}"
```

## Default Value

PaaS resources are not associated with a network security perimeter by default.