## Description

Remembering Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) for devices and browsers allows users to have the option to bypass MFA for a set number of days after performing a successful sign-in using MFA. This can enhance usability by minimizing the number of times a user may need to perform two-step verification on the same device. However, if an account or device is compromised, remembering MFA for trusted devices may affect security. Hence, it is recommended that users not be allowed to bypass MFA.

## Rationale

Remembering Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) for devices and browsers allows users to bypass MFA for a set number of days. This can reduce MFA prompts and improve user experience, but it also increases the risk of unauthorized access if a device is compromised or stolen.

From a security perspective, it's best to require MFA for every authentication attempt, especially for administrative and privileged accounts. Disabling this feature ensures that users must always provide two forms of authentication, maintaining a strong security posture.

## Audit

**From Azure Portal:**

1. From Azure Home open the portal menu in the top left, and select `Microsoft Entra ID`
2. Select `Users`
3. Select `Per-user MFA`
4. In the multi-factor authentication page, select `service settings`
5. Ensure that `Allow users to remember multi-factor authentication on devices they trust` is **not checked**

**Note:** Per-User MFA settings are only applicable if you are using Security Defaults or Per-User MFA. If you are using Conditional Access policies, this setting is controlled through the Conditional Access policy configuration.

## Remediation

**From Azure Portal:**

1. From Azure Home open the portal menu in the top left, and select `Microsoft Entra ID`
2. Select `Users`
3. Select `Per-user MFA`
4. In the multi-factor authentication page, select `service settings`
5. **Uncheck** `Allow users to remember multi-factor authentication on devices they trust`
6. Click `Save`

## Default Value

By default, the checkbox for `Allow users to remember multi-factor authentication on devices they trust` is disabled.

## References

- [Manage user settings for Azure Multi-Factor Authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/authentication/howto-mfa-userdevicesettings)
- [How it works: Azure Multi-Factor Authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/authentication/concept-mfa-howitworks)

