## Description

Azure Resource Manager CannotDelete (Delete) locks can prevent users from accidentally or maliciously deleting a storage account. This feature ensures that while the Storage account can still be modified or used, deletion of the Storage account resource requires removal of the lock by a user with appropriate permissions.

This feature is a protective control for the availability of data. By ensuring that a storage account or its parent resource group cannot be deleted without first removing the lock, the risk of data loss is reduced.

While an automated assessment procedure exists for this recommendation, the assessment status remains manual. Determining storage accounts that require CannotDelete locks depends on the context and requirements of each organization and environment.

## Remediation

### Remediate from Azure Portal

1. Navigate to the storage account in the Azure portal.
2. Under the `Settings` section, select `Locks`.
3. Select `Add`.
4. Provide a Name, and choose `Delete` for the type of lock.
5. Add a note about the lock if desired.

### Remediate from Azure CLI

Replace the information within <> with appropriate values:

```bash
az lock create --name <lock> \
 --resource-group <resource-group> \
 --resource <storage-account> \
 --lock-type CanNotDelete \
 --resource-type Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts
```

### Remediate from PowerShell

Replace the information within <> with appropriate values:

```bash
New-AzResourceLock -LockLevel CanNotDelete `
  -LockName <lock> `
  -ResourceName <storage-account> `
  -ResourceType Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts `
  -ResourceGroupName <resource-group>
```

### Default Value

By default, no locks are applied to Azure resources, including storage accounts. Locks
must be manually configured after resource creation.

