## Description

Resource Manager Locks provide a way for administrators to lock down Azure resources to prevent deletion of, or modifications to, a resource. These locks sit outside of the Role Based Access Controls (RBAC) hierarchy and, when applied, will place restrictions on the resource for all users. These locks are very useful when there is an important resource in a subscription that users should not be able to delete or change. Locks can help prevent accidental and malicious changes or deletion.

The lock level can be set to to *CanNotDelete* or *ReadOnly* to achieve this purpose.
   - *CanNotDelete* means authorized users can still read and modify a resource, but they can't delete the resource.
   - *ReadOnly* means authorized users can read a resource, but they can't delete or update the resource. Applying this lock is similar to restricting all authorized users to the permissions granted by the Reader role.

As default, no locks are set on the resource.

## Remediation

### From Console

Perform the following action to check lock is set on the resource:

1. Navigate to the specific Azure Resource or Resource Group.
2. Click on `Locks`.
3. Ensure the lock is defined with name and description, type as `CanNotDelete` or `ReadOnly` as appropriate.

Perform the following action to set lock on the resource:

1. Navigate to the specific Azure Resource or Resource Group.
2. For each of the mission critical resource, click on `Locks`.
3. Click `Add`.
4. Give the lock a name and a description, then select the type, `CanNotDelete` or `ReadOnly` as appropriate.

### From Command Line

To lock a resource, provide the name of the resource, its resource type, and its resource group name.

```bash
az lock create --name <LockName> --lock-type <CanNotDelete/Read-only> -- resource-group <resourceGroupName> --resource-name <resourceName> --resource- type <resourceType>
```

