## Description

Automatic Key Rotation is available in Public Preview. The currently supported applications are Key Vault, Managed Disks, and Storage accounts accessing keys within Key Vault. The number of supported applications will incrementally increased.

Once set up, Automatic Private Key Rotation removes the need for manual administration when keys expire at intervals determined by your organization's policy. The recommended key lifetime is 2 years. Your organization should determine its own key expiration policy.

## Remediation

**Note:** Azure CLI and Powershell use ISO8601 flags to input timespans. Every timespan input will be in the format P&lt;timespanInISO8601Format&gt;(Y,M,D). The leading P is required with it denoting `period`. The (Y,M,D) are for the duration of Year, Month,and Day respectively. A time frame of 2 years, 2 months, 2 days would be (P2Y2M2D).

### From Azure Portal

1. From Azure Portal select the Portal Menu in the top left.
2. Select Key Vaults.
3. Select a Key Vault to audit.
4. Under `Objects` select `Keys`.
5. Select a key to audit.
6. In the top row select `Rotation policy`.
7. Select an `Expiry time`.
8. Set `Enable auto rotation` to `Enabled`.
9. Set an appropriate `Rotation option` and `Rotation time`.
10. Optionally set the `Notification time`.
11. Select `Save`.
12. Repeat steps 3-11 for each Key Vault and Key.

### From Azure CLI

Run the following command for each key to update its policy to be auto-rotated:

```bash
az keyvault key rotation-policy update -n <keyName> --vault-name <vaultName> --value <path/to/policy.json>
```

Note: It is easiest to supply the policy flags in a .json file. An example json file would be:

```json
{
  "lifetimeActions": [
    {
      "trigger":
      {
        "timeAfterCreate": "<timespanInISO8601Format>",
        "timeBeforeExpiry" : null
      },
      "action":
      {
        "type": "Rotate"
      }
    },
    {
      "trigger":
      {
        "timeBeforeExpiry" : "<timespanInISO8601Format>"
      },
      "action":
      {
        "type": "Notify"
      }
    }
  ],
  "attributes":
  {
    "expiryTime": "<timespanInISO8601Format>"
  }
}
```

### From PowerShell

Run the following command for each key to update its policy:

```bash
Set-AzKeyVaultKeyRotationPolicy -VaultName test-kv -Name test-key -PolicyPath rotation_policy.json
```

**Note**: It is easiest to supply the policy flags in a .json file. An example json file would be:

```bash
<#
rotation_policy.json
{
  "lifetimeActions": 
  [
    {
      "trigger": {
        "timeAfterCreate": "P<timespanInISO8601Format>M",
        "timeBeforeExpiry": null
      },
      "action": {
        "type": "Rotate"
      }
    },
    {
      "trigger": {
        "timeBeforeExpiry": "P<timespanInISO8601Format>D"
      },
      "action": {
        "type": "Notify"
      }
    }
  ],
  "attributes":
  {
    "expiryTime": "P<timespanInISO8601Format>Y"
  }
}
#>
```

### Default Value

By default, Automatic Key Rotation is not enabled.
