## Description

Ensure that all Keys in Non Role Based Access Control (RBAC) Azure Key Vaults have an expiration date set.

Azure Key Vault enables users to store and use cryptographic keys within the Microsoft Azure environment. The `exp` (expiration date) attribute identifies the expiration date on or after which the key MUST NOT be used for a cryptographic operation. By default, keys never expire. It is thus recommended that keys be rotated in the key vault and set an explicit expiration date for all keys. This ensures that the keys cannot be used beyond their assigned lifetimes.

## Remediation

### From Azure Portal

1. Go to `Key vaults`.
2. For each Key vault, click on `Keys`.
3. In the main pane, ensure that the status of the key is `Enabled`.
4. For each enabled key, ensure that an appropriate `Expiration date` is set.

### From Azure CLI

Update the `Expiration date` for the key using the below command:

```bash
az keyvault key set-attributes --name <keyName> --vault-name <vaultName> --expires Y-m-d'T'H:M:S'Z'
```

**Note:** To view the expiration date on all keys in a Key Vault using Microsoft API, the `List` Key permission is required.

To update the expiration date for the keys:

1. Go to Key vault, click on `Access policies`.
2. Click on `Create` and add an access policy with the `Update` permission (in the Key Permissions - Key Management Operations section).

### From PowerShell

```bash
Set-AzKeyVaultKeyAttribute -VaultName <Vault Name> -Name <Key Name> -Expires <DateTime>
```

### Default Value

By default, keys do not expire.
