## Description

Resource Manager Locks provide a way for administrators to lock down Azure resources to prevent deletion of, or modifications to, a resource. These locks sit outside of the Role Based Access Controls (RBAC) hierarchy and, when applied, will place restrictions on the resource for all users. These locks are very useful when there is an important resource in a subscription that users should not be able to delete or change. Locks can help prevent accidental and malicious changes or deletion.

As an administrator, it may be necessary to lock a subscription, resource group, or resource to prevent other users in the organization from accidentally deleting or modifying critical resources. The lock level can be set to to `CanNotDelete` or `ReadOnly` to achieve this purpose.

- `CanNotDelete` means authorized users can still read and modify a resource, but they cannot delete the resource.

- `ReadOnly` means authorized users can read a resource, but they cannot delete or update the resource. Applying this lock is similar to restricting all authorized users to the permissions granted by the Reader role.

## Remediation

### From Azure Portal

1. Navigate to the specific Azure Resource or Resource Group.
2. For each mission critical resource, click on `Locks`.
3. Click `Add`.
4. Give the lock a name and a description, then select the type, `Read-only` or `Delete` as appropriate.
5. Click OK.

### From Azure CLI

To lock a resource, provide the name of the resource, its resource type, and its resource group name.

```bash
az lock create --name <LockName> --lock-type <CanNotDelete/Read-only> --resource-group <resourceGroupName> --resource-name <resourceName> --resource-type <resourceType>
```

### From Powershell

```bash
Get-AzResourceLock -ResourceName <Resource Name> -ResourceType <Resource Type> -ResourceGroupName <Resource Group Name> -Locktype <CanNotDelete/Read-only>
```

### Default Value

By default, no locks are set.
