## Description

Azure Database for PostgreSQL servers should be created with 'infrastructure double encryption' enabled.

**NOTE:** This recommendation currently only applies to Single Server, not Flexible Server. See additional information below for details about the planned retirement of Azure PostgreSQL Single Server.

If Double Encryption is enabled, another layer of encryption is implemented at the hardware level before the storage or network level. Information will be encrypted before it is even accessed, preventing both interception of data in motion if the network layer encryption is broken and data at rest in system resources such as memory or processor cache. Encryption will also be in place for any backups taken of the database, so the key will secure access the data in all forms. For the most secure implementation of key based encryption, it is recommended to use a Customer Managed asymmetric RSA 2048 Key in Azure Key Vault.

## Remediation

It is not possible to enable 'infrastructure double encryption' on an existing Azure Database for PostgreSQL server.
The remediation steps detail the creation of a new Azure Database for PostgreSQL server with 'infrastructure double encryption' enabled.

### From Azure Portal

1. Go through the normal process of database creation.
2. On step 2 titled `Additional settings` ensure that `Infrastructure double encryption enabled` is checked.
3. Acknowledge that you understand this will impact database performance.
4. Finish database creation as normal.

### From Azure CLI

```bash
az postgres server create --resource-group <resourcegroup> --name <servername> --location <location> --admin-user <adminusername> --admin-password <server_admin_password> --sku-name GP_Gen4_2 --version 11 --infrastructure-encryption Enabled
```

### Default Value

By Default, Double Encryption is disabled.
