## Description

Data Access Authentication Mode provides a method of uploading or exporting Virtual Machine Disks.

Enabling `data access authentication mode` adds a layer of protection using an Entra ID role to further restrict users from creating and using Secure Access Signature (SAS) tokens for exporting a detached managed disk or virtual machine state. Users will need the `Data operator for managed disk` role within Entra ID in order to download a VHD or VM Guest state using a secure URL.

## Remediation

### From Azure Portal

Part A. Select the Virtual Machine to Remediate

1. Using the search bar, search for and open the `Virtual Machines` service.
2. Click on the name of the Virtual Machine to be remediated.

Part B. Remediate each Virtual Machine Disk individually

1. From the selected Virtual Machine resource window, expand the `Settings` menu item and click `Disks.`
2. For each disk, click the name of the disk to open the disk resource window.
3. From the selected Disk resource window, expand the `Settings` menu item, and click `Disk Export.`

`check` the checkbox next to `Enable Data Access Authentication Mode`.

Repeat Part B for each Disk attached to a VM.

Repeat Parts A and B to remediate all Disks in all VMs.

### From Powershell

Ensure that each disk is detached from its associated `Virtual Machine` before proceeding. Once detached, run the following for each disk:

```bash
$disk = Get-AzDisk -ResourceGroupName '<resource_group_name>' -DiskName '<disk_name>'
$disk.DataAccessAuthMode = 'AzureActiveDirectory'
Update-AzDisk -ResourceGroup '<resource_group_name>' -DiskName $disk.Name -Disk $disk
```

### From Azure CLI

Ensure that each disk is detached from its associated `Virtual Machine` before proceeding. Once detached, run the following for each disk:

```bash
az disk update --name <disk_name> --resource-group <resource_group_name> --data-access-auth-mode AzureActiveDirectory
```

### Default Value

By default, Data Access Authentication Mode is `Disabled.`
