## Description

Remote Debugging allows Azure App Service to be debugged in real-time directly on the Azure environment. When remote debugging is enabled, it opens a communication channel that could potentially be exploited by unauthorized users if not properly secured.

Disabling remote debugging on Azure App Service is primarily about enhancing security.

Remote debugging opens a communication channel that can be exploited by attackers. By disabling it, you reduce the number of potential entry points for unauthorized access.

If remote debugging is enabled without proper access controls, it can allow unauthorized users to connect to your application, potentially leading to data breaches or malicious code execution.

During a remote debugging session, sensitive information might be exposed. Disabling remote debugging helps ensure that such data remains secure. This minimizes the use of remote access tools to reduce risk.

## Remediation

### From Azure Portal

1. Login to Azure Portal using https://portal.azure.com.
2. Go to `App Services`.
3. Click on each App.
4. Under `Setting` section, Click on `Configuration`.
5. Under the `General settings` tab, set the `Remote debugging` option to `Off`.

### From Azure CLI

To set remote debugging status to off, run the following command

```bash
az webapp config set --resource-group <resource_group_name> --name <app_name> --remote-debugging-enabled false
```

### From PowerShell

To set remote debugging status to off, run the following command

```bash
Set-AzWebApp -ResourceGroupName <resource_group_name> -Name <app_name> -RemoteDebuggingEnabled $false
```

### Default Value

By default, remote debugging is set to `off`.
