## Description

Periodically, older versions of Java may be deprecated and no longer supported. Using a supported version of Java for app services is recommended to avoid potential unpatched vulnerabilities.

Deprecated and unsupported versions of programming and scripting languages can present vulnerabilities which may not be addressed or may not be addressable.

## Remediation

### From Azure Portal

1. Login to Azure Portal using [https://portal.azure.com](https://portal.azure.com).
2. Go to `App Services`.
3. Click on each App.
4. Under `Settings` section, click on `Configuration`.
5. Click on the `General settings` pane and ensure that for a `Stack` of `Java` the `Major Version` and `Minor Version` reflect the latest stable and supported release, and that the `Java web server version` is set to the `auto-update` option.

**Note** No action is required if `Java version` is set to `Off`, as Java is not used by your web app.

### From Azure CLI

To see the list of supported runtimes:

```bash
az webapp list-runtimes
```

To set latest Java version for an existing app, run the following command:

```bash
az webapp config set --resource-group <RESOURCE_GROUP_NAME> --name <APP_NAME> [--java-version <JAVA_VERSION> --java-container <JAVA_CONTAINER> --java- container-version <JAVA_CONTAINER_VERSION> [--windows-fx-version <java runtime version>] [--linux-fx-version <java runtime version version>]
```

If creating a new web application to use a currently supported version of Java, run the following commands.

To create an app service plan:

```bash
az appservice plan create --resource-group <resource group name> --name <plan name> --location <location> [--is-linux --number-of-workers <int> --sku <pricing tier>] [--hyper-v --sku <pricing tier>]
```

Get the app service plan ID:

```bash
az appservice plan list --query "[].{Name:name, ID:id, SKU:sku, Location:location}"
```

To create a new Java web application using the retrieved app service ID:

```bash
az webapp create --resource-group <resource group name> --plan <app service plan ID> --name <app name> [--linux-fx-version <java run time version>] [--
windows-fx-version <java run time version>]
```

### From PowerShell

As of this writing, there is no way to update an existing application's `SiteConfig` or set a new application's `SiteConfig` settings during creation via PowerShell.

### Default Value

The default setting is whichever setting was chosen in the creation of the webapp.
