## Description

Periodically, older versions of PHP may be deprecated and no longer supported. Using a supported version of PHP for app services is recommended to avoid potential unpatched vulnerabilities.

Deprecated and unsupported versions of programming and scripting languages can present vulnerabilities which may not be addressed or may not be addressable.

## Remediation

### From Azure Portal

1. From Azure Home open the Portal Menu in the top left.
2. Go to `App Services`.
3. Click on each App.
4. Under `Settings` section, click on `Configuration`.
5. Click on the `General settings` pane, ensure that for a `Stack` of `PHP` the `Major Version` and `Minor Version` reflect a currently supported release.

_NOTE:_ No action is required If `PHP version` is set to `Off` or is set with an empty value as PHP is not used by your app.

### From Azure CLI

List the available PHP runtimes:

```bash
az webapp list-runtimes
```

To set a currently supported PHP version for an existing app, run the following command:

```bash
az webapp config set --resource-group <RESOURCE_GROUP_NAME> --name <APP_NAME> [--linux-fx-version <PHP_RUNTIME_VERSION>][--php-version <PHP_VERSION>]
```

### From Powershell

To set a currently supported PHP version for an existing app, run the following command:

```bash
Set-AzWebApp -ResourceGroupName <RESOURCE_GROUP_NAME> -Name <APP_NAME> -phpVersion <PHP_VERSION>
```

_NOTE:_ Currently there is no way to update an existing web app `Linux FX Version` setting using PowerShell, nor is there a way to create a new web app using PowerShell that configures the PHP runtime in the `Linux FX Version` setting.

### Default Value

The version of PHP is whatever was selected upon App creation.
