## Description

This recommendation aims to maintain a balance between security and operational efficiency by ensuring that a minimum of 2 and a maximum of 4 users are assigned the Global Administrator role in Microsoft Entra ID. Having at least two Global Administrators ensures redundancy, while limiting the number to four reduces the risk of excessive privileged access.

The Global Administrator role has extensive privileges across all services in Microsoft Entra ID. The Global Administrator role should never be used in regular daily activities; administrators should have a regular user account for daily activities, and a separate account for administrative responsibilities. Limiting the number of Global Administrators helps mitigate the risk of unauthorized access, reduces the potential impact of human error, and aligns with the principle of least privilege to reduce the attack surface of an Azure tenant. Conversely, having at least two Global Administrators ensures that administrative functions can be performed without interruption in case of unavailability of a single admin.

## Remediation

### From Azure Portal

1. From Azure Home select the Portal Menu.
2. Select `Microsoft Entra ID`.
3. Under `Manage`, select `Roles and administrators`.
4. Under `Administrative Roles`, select `Global Administrator`.

If more than 4 users are assigned:

1. Remove Global Administrator role for users which do not or no longer require the role.
2. Assign Global Administrator role via PIM which can be activated when required.
3. Assign more granular roles to users to conduct their duties.

If only one user is assigned:

1. Provide the Global Administrator role to a trusted user or create a break glass admin account.
