## Overview

This introduction section and the subsections herein provide informative articles which instruct on the use of the CIS Foundations and Service Category Benchmarks. No recommendations will be found in this section, just articles of relevant information.

Please carefully review the articles in this introductory section and orient yourself with our structured approach to Benchmarking for Cloud Service Providers (CSPs). This approach differs from other CIS Benchmarks because:
- there are too many different products/services in CSP product directories to practically cover in any one Benchmark,
- architectural and design decisions will affect the scope and relevance of recommendations, and
- there are a variety of methods for interfacing with CSP products and services.

**Cloud Benchmarks - A Two-Step Approach to Securing Your Cloud Environments:**

- **Step 1:** Start with Foundations Benchmarks. Apply as many recommendations as **practical** for your environment; "100%" 'compliance' is not always possible. Not all Foundations Benchmark recommendations can be applied at the same time, and not all recommendations will be relevant to your environment. Use the recommendation Profile Levels and your understanding of your unique environment architecture to determine which recommendations are in scope.

- **Step 2:** Use the Service Category Benchmarks for service-specific defense-in-depth recommendations. Apply recommendations only for the services **IN USE** in your environment. Use the recommendation Profile Levels, and your understanding of your unique environment architecture to determine which recommendations are in scope.
