## Overview

After configuring your environment with the CIS Microsoft Azure Foundations Benchmark, we suggest pursuing defense-in-depth and service-specific recommendations for your Azure Services by reviewing the Service Category Benchmarks. The Service Category Benchmarks are being produced with the vision that recommendations for all security-relevant products/services offered by a CSP should have a 'home,' but the Foundations Benchmarks should retain the most crucial recommendations and not be made vast, intimidating, and impractical.

The Service Category Benchmark recommendations should be applied **ONLY** for the CSP products and services that are actively **IN USE** in your environment. In each Service Category Benchmark, you may find that your environment uses none, or only a couple services from a list of many. Please review the services employed in your environment carefully to accurately scope the recommendations you apply. Failure to apply only the recommendations you need may introduce vulnerabilities, technical debt, and unnecessary expenses.

Using the Microsoft Azure Product Directory (https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/) as a source of categorical grouping of these services, our vision is to produce a full set of CIS Microsoft Azure Service Category Benchmarks to cover all security-relevant services. A list of planned and published Service Category Benchmarks for the Azure Community can be found on the community dashboard here: [https://workbench.cisecurity.org/communities/72](https://workbench.cisecurity.org/communities/72)

**Your help is needed to bring this vision to life!** Please consider joining our CIS Microsoft Azure Community to contribute your expertise and knowledge in securing products and services from the Microsoft Azure product family.

All CIS Benchmarks are created and maintained through consensus-based collaboration. Should you have feedback, suggested changes, or just like to get involved in the continued maintenance and development of CIS Microsoft Azure Benchmarks, please register on CIS WorkBench at [https://workbench.cisecurity.org](https://workbench.cisecurity.org) and join the CIS Microsoft Azure Benchmarks community.
