## Description

Enable encryption at rest for PostgreSQL Databases.

If Double Encryption is enabled, another layer of encryption is implemented at the  hardware level before the storage or network level. Information will be encrypted before it is even accessed, preventing both interception of data in motion if the network layer encryption is broken and data at rest in system resources such as memory or processor cache. Encryption will also be in place for any backups taken of the database, so the key will secure access the data in all forms. For the most secure implementation of key based encryption, it is recommended to use a Customer Managed asymmetric RSA 2048 Key in Azure Key Vault.

## Remediation

### From Azure Portal

For the creation of a new server;

  1. Go through the normal process of database creation.
  2. On step 2 titled 'Additional settings' ensure that 'Infrastructure double encryption enabled' is 'checked'
  3. Acknowledge that you understand this will impact database performance.
  4. Finish database creation as normal.
  5. On the final 'Review + create' screen, ensure that at the very bottom of the database properties, that 'Infrastructure (Double) encryption' is 'enabled'.

For existing servers;

  1. From Azure Home, click on more services.
  2. Click on Databases
  3. Click on Azure Database for PostgreSQL servers
  4. Select the database by clicking on its name.
  5. Select the second from the left option 'Additional settings'.
  6. Check the box next to 'Infrastructure double encryption enabled'.

### From Azure CLI

Creating a New Server with Infrastructure Encryption Enabled

Enter the command as follows;

```bash
az postgres server create --resource-group <resourcegroup> --name
<servername> --location <location> --admin-user <adminusername> --adminpassword <server_admin_password> --sku-name GP_Gen4_2 --version 11 --
infrastructure-encryption 'Enabled'
```

Updating a Server's Configuration

```bash
az postgres server configuration set -g <resourcegroup>-s <servername> --
infrastructure-encryption <Enabled>
```

### Default Value:

By Default, Double Encryption is disabled.