## Description

Create an activity log alert for the Create Policy Assignment event.

Monitoring for create policy assignment events gives insight into changes done in "Azure policy - assignments" and can reduce the time it takes to detect unsolicited changes.

## Remediation

### From Azure Portal

   1. Navigate to the `Monitor` blade
   2. Click on `Alerts`
   3. Click on `Create`
   4. Click on `Alert rule`
   5. Under the Scope tab, click `Select scope`
   6. In the `Select a resource` window, select the appropriate filters:
      - Filter by subscription: < choose the subscription alerts are needed for >
      - Filter by resource location: Policy assignment (policyAssignments)
      - Filter by location: All
   7. Verify that the selection preview shows All Policy assignment (policyAssignments) and your selected subscription name
   8. Click `Done`
   9. Under the Condition tab, click `Add Condition` (the Select a signal window may automatically open without clicking)
   10. In the Select a signal window, under the "Signal Name" heading, click Create policy assignment (Microsoft.Authorization/policyAssignments)
   11. Under the Actions tab, choose appropriately:
         - Select action groups - If you have an existing action group to notify the necessary personnel.
         - Create action group - If you do not have an existing action group or want to create a new one.
   12. Under the Details tab, fill in:
         - Resource group - Select the resource group you want the alert rule to reside in
         - Alert rule name - Give your alert a recognizable and standardized name.
         - Alert rule description - (Optional)
   13. Click `Review + create` then verify the summary details
   14. Click `Create`

### From Azure CLI

[Azure CLI has been temporarily removed from the Activity Log Alerts section in version 1.5 and will be added back in the next release]

**Note:**  By default, no monitoring alerts are created.