## Description

Create an activity log alert for the Create or Update Security Solution event.

Monitoring for Create or Update Network Security Group Rule events gives insight into network access changes and may reduce the time it takes to detect suspicious activity.

## Remediation

### From Azure portal

  1. Navigate to the `Monitor blade`
  2. Click on `Alerts`
  3. Click on `Create`
  4. Click on `Alert rule`
  5. Under the Scope tab, click `Select scope`
  6. In the `Select a resource` window,select the appropriate filters:
    o Filter by subscription: < choose the subscription alerts are needed for >
    o Filter by resource type: `Security Solutions` (securitySolutions)
    o Filter by location: `All`
    o Click on the `subscription name` or `resource group` or `Network securiy`
    group that the Log Alert Rule will be applied to
  7. Verify that the selection preview shows:
    o All security solutions or < your selected resource >
    o < Resource Name > - The subscription, group, or resource you selected
  8. Click `Done`
  9. Under the Condition tab, click `Add Condition` (the Select a signal window may automatically open without clicking)
  10. In the Select a signal window, under the `"Signal Name"` heading, click Create or Update Security Solutions` (Microsoft.Security/securitySolutions)
  11. Under actions tab:
    o Select `action groups` - If you have an existing action group to notify the necessary personnel.
    o Create `action group` - If you do not have an existing action group or want to create a new one.
  12. Under
    o Resource group - Select the `resource group` you want the alert rule to reside in.
    o Alert rule name - Give your alert a recognizable and standardized name.
    o Alert rule description - (Optional)
  13. Click `review + create` and then verify the summary details 
  14. Create

### Reference 

  1. https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/updates/classic-alerting-monitoring-retirement
  2. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-in/azure/azure-monitor/platform/alerts-activity-log
  3. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-in/rest/api/monitor/activitylogalerts/createorupdate
  4. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-in/rest/api/monitor/activitylogalerts/listbysubscriptionid
  5. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/security/benchmark/azure/security-controls-v3-logging-threat-detection#lt-3-enable-logging-for-security-investigation