## Description

Create an activity log alert for the `Delete Security Solution` event.

Monitoring for Delete Security Solution events gives insight into changes to the active security solutions and may reduce the time it takes to detect suspicious activity.

## Remediation

#### From Azure Portal

  1. Navigate to the `Monitor` blade
  2. Click on `Alerts`
  3. Click on `Create`
  4. Click on `Alert rule`
  5. Under the Scope tab, click `Select scope`
  6. In the `Select a resource` window, select the appropriate filters:
        - Filter by subscription: < `choose the subscription alerts are needed` for >
        - Filter by resource location: `Security Solutions (securitySolutions)`
        - Filter by location: `All`
        - Click on the `subscription name` or `resource group` or `Network securiy group` that the Log Alert Rule will be applied to
  7. Verify that the selection preview shows:
        - `All security solutions or < your selected resource >`
        - `< Resource Name >` - The subscription, group, or resource you selected
  8. Click `Done`
  9. Under the Condition tab, click `Add Condition` (the `Select a signal` window may automatically open without clicking)
  10. In the Select a signal window, under the "Signal Name" heading, click Delete Security Solutions (Microsoft.Security/securitySolutions)
  11. Under the Actions tab, choose appropriately:
        - Select action groups - If you have an existing action group to notify the necessary personnel.
        - Create action group - If you do not have an existing action group or want to create a new one.
  12. Under the Details tab, fill in:
        -  Resource group - Select the resource group you want the alert rule to reside in.
        - Alert rule name - Give your alert a recognizable and standardized name.
        - Alert rule description - (Optional)
  13. Click `Review + create` then verify the summary details
  14. Click `Create`

### From Azure CLI

[Azure CLI has been temporarily removed from the Activity Log Alerts section in version 1.5 and will be added back in the next release]

**Note:** By default, no monitoring alerts are created.
