## Description

Enable multi-factor authentication for all roles, groups, and users that have write access or permissions to Azure resources. These include custom created objects or built-in roles such as;
- Service Co-Administrators
- Subscription Owners
- Contributors

Multi-factor authentication requires an individual to present a minimum of two separate forms of authentication before access is granted. Multi-factor authentication provides additional assurance that the individual attempting to gain access is who they claim to be. With multi-factor authentication, an attacker would need to compromise at least two different authentication mechanisms, increasing the difficulty of compromise and thus reducing the risk.

## Remediation

### From Azure Portal

1. From Azure Home select the Portal Menu
2. Select `Azure Active Directory` blade
3. Then `Users`
4. Select `All Users`
5. Click on the `Per-User MFA button` in the top row menu
6. Select each user individually with the role `Service Co-Administrators, Owners,` OR `Contributors` in the column `MULTI-FACTOR AUTH STATUS`
7. In the information box on the right side under the title `quick steps` click `enable`

### Other Options within Azure Portal

Follow Microsoft Azure documentation and enable multi-factor authentication in your environment.
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/authentication/tutorial-enableazure-mfa
Enabling and configuring MFA with conditional access policy is a multi-step process. Here are some additional resources on the process within Azure AD to enable multifactor authentication for users within your subscriptions with conditional access policy.

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/conditional-access/howtoconditional-access-policy-admin-mfa
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/authentication/howto-mfagetstarted#enable-multi-factor-authentication-with-conditional-access
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/authentication/howto-mfamfasettings

Please note that at the time of writing, there is no API, Azure CLI or Powershell
mechanism available to programmatically conduct security assessment or remediation
for this recommendation. The only option is MSOL.

### Default Value

By default, multi-factor authentication is disabled for all users.